I'm so sorry. Goodbye, Elsa.
Don't be sad for her, this is
how she wanted it to end.
She's happy.
She's finally with her father.
Now they'll be together forever.
I didn't think
about it that way.
[LISA gasps]
Almost forgot.
I was going to ask if you two
wanna come over for lunch.
And... we can eat inside
'cause we fixed the roof!
[ARIA gasps] That was fast!
It's only been 2 days.
Our neighbors felt bad for us,
so they came over and helped.
Sorry Lisa, I can't.
I've gotta work security for
a meeting this afternoon.
[LISA]
Mm. 'Kay. I understand.
[LUKE sighs]
Lisa. Let's go home.
[LISA gasps] Coming!
I'll see you guys later.
[CECILY]
Mm.
[ARIA]
Mm?
[ARIA] Why'd you turn
down Lisa's invitation?
[CECILY]
Like I said, I have to work.
[ARIA] You didn't say
a word while we were
paying our respects.
I've never seen you so quiet.
[ARIA]
Uh?
It's just... Luke brought
me here before.
And I realized
something that day.
Even though I want to know as
much about Luke as possible,
learning his darkest
secrets could hurt me.
You warned me this
would happen, Aria.
You said that once I knew,
I'd never be able to forget.
I didn't listen.
For some reason, I thought
things would go differently.
That it'd be better to face the
problem rather than avoid it.
But I was wrong.
And now that I know.
I can't even find the words
to be supportive of my friend.
I'm sad they didn't
join us for lunch.
You don't think it's
because I'm a, you know.
Forget about it, I think it's
weird they started eating lunch
here with us in the first place.
--But Luke.
--[LUKE] Just let it go.
[gasps]
[sighs]
Don't be upset, Lisa.
Things have just gone back
to the way they were before.
That's a good thing.
You and I can continue to live
peacefully without any worries.
[LISA] Things are never
as peaceful as they seem.
[gasps]
Lisa...
[CECILY]
My father used to bring me here
all the time when I was a kid.
After he died, I'd come out
here whenever something
was troubling me.
It's funny, I stopped coming
here when I met Luke and Lisa.
[ARIA] Were you surprised
to learn Lisa's a demon?
[CECILY gasps]
Well, of course I was!
I mean, weren't you
a little freaked out?
Not at all.
I knew what she was from
the first moment I met her.
[CECILY]
What?
You see, Cecily,
I'm a demon too.
All Demon Swords are,
or didn't you realize that?
[CECILY gasps] It's just a
lot of information
to take in all at once.
To be honest with you, I don't
really know what to think.
I'm so thoroughly confused.
Damn it, I'm pathetic.
Now that you know
Lisa and I are demons,
do you feel differently
about us?
No!
Things won't be weird
between us, will they?
I won't let that happen!
I don't care if you're demons!
You guys are still my friends!
Well, then, there's nothing
to worry about.
[gasps]
Being a demon doesn't
change who we are.
When it comes down to it,
Lisa's no different now than
she was when you first met her.
[gasps]
[LISA giggles]
[CECILY] You're right! How could
I have been such an idiot?
[shouts] This shouldn't
change how I feel about her.
She's a demon,
but she's still Lisa!
[gasps]
[CECILY grunts]
I'm sorry, Aria.
Thanks, but I'm not the one
you should apologize to.
Yeah, as soon as I'm off duty,
I'll go by and
apologize to Lisa.
[SIEGFRIED] Seems the blacksmith
isn't our only problem.
We must be wary of the girl.
You mean the one from
the Knight Guard, sir?
Yes.
Want me to take care of her?
Not just yet.
Right now I want you to
concentrate on gathering men
who'll join our forces.
I'll do my best, sir.
It's one of the
Empire's coaches.
[CECILY gasps]
That's-- No way!
[CECILY]
It's the man in black!
[CECILY grunts]
[CECILY]
Damn you!
[CECILY gasps]
Insolence toward my Lord
Siegfried will not be tolerated.
"Lord Siegfried?"
Let go of me! This is important!
He's the man in black, I swear!
[SIEGFRIED] Hm! Did you really
think you could assassinate
a commander of
the Imperial army?
You bastard! Countless
lives have been lost
because of your brutal
attacks on our city!
What's going on out here?
[CECILY]
Captain Hannibal!
This Siegfried guy
is the Man in Black!
[HANNIBAL]
Huh?
You have no proof of that.
I saw you attack Luke!
I am not gonna let you
weasel your way out of this!
I'm sorry, young lady,
but I have no recollection
of meeting you.
Cecily. You mustn't
speak that way
about a high-ranking
official of the Empire.
Be careful or you'll
be accused of slander.
I've got all the proof I need!
Charlotte Frobisher
warned me about a man
from the Empire
named Siegfried.
She said he was the
one who convinced them
to try and steal Aria
and capture Luke!
Is that so?
[SIEGFRIED]
You've been played for a fool.
[CECILY]
What?
She was an imposter
posing as a princess.
You shouldn't trust
a delinquent like her.
How dare you insult Charlotte!
Damn you!
[LUKE]
That's enough, Cecily!
Luke?
The man's right, you don't
have the proof to accuse him.
What are you talking about?
You were there, you saw him!
Don't you have anything to say?
I'm not surprised you
came up with some
elaborate story together. Heh.
The two of you are romantically
involved, aren't you?
It seems your boyfriend is
now reneging on your story.
Then you should consider
yourself lucky, Siegfried.
[grunts]
What?
I swear one day I will
take down the man in black.
And no one will miss him.
Tsk.
I'm sorry, I don't know
what's gotten into them.
I assure you they'll be
punished for their behavior.
[SIEGFRIED]
That's not necessary.
In fact, I'd like the girl
to attend our meeting.
[CECILY gasps]
I don't think the Cambell
girl should be here.
She already knows our secrets.
It seems someone has taken
it upon himself to fill her in.
Yes, Mister Ainsworth has
confirmed that he shared
confidential information from
our meetings with Miss Cambell.
[ARTHUR]
Really?
Guess we shouldn't have
trusted the blacksmith.
It must've slipped out
during pillow talk.
Ah, to be young again.
[laughs]
[grunts]
That's enough, gentlemen.
Let's get this meeting started.
Now, Mister Ainsworth,
have you brought the Sacred
Sword with you today?
Took you long
enough to forge it.
[LUKE]
It's not finished yet.
[ARTHUR, JUSTINA gasps]
[AREVIY]
How disappointing.
We've wasted all this time
waiting for nothing.
Don't you realize how
important this is?
Its importance has no bearing
on how long it takes to forge.
Then work faster, damn it!
The only reason we've
tolerated that demon of yours
is because you're forging
this sword for us!
Ah, yes. How could I forget the
demon you've been keeping.
Lisa, was it?
[gasps]
Leave her out of this.
I've heard of the
power it possesses.
With your forging spell,
completing the Sacred Sword
should've been easy.
The swords produced that
way are brittle and weak.
They could never keep
Valbanill sealed.
So you're telling us
your swords are crap?
Well, at least you're honest.
Miss Oakwood, wasn't it?
I should think the pain
you felt when your
childhood friend was
taken from you by Valbanill
would drive you to
finish the Sacred Sword.
Poor little Lisa Oakwood.
She died tragically, trying to
challenge Valbanill.
[CECILY gasps]
[LANCELOT]
Such a sad story.
She ended up a demon
because she trusted
one of your shoddy swords.
In a way, it's all his fault.
You're right. It's a wonder
he hasn't been imprisoned.
How can you say that?
Shut up, Cecily.
No! I can't listen
to this anymore!
They're saying such
slanderous things about you!
How you can just
sit there quietly
while they insult
your precious Lisa?
[grunts] Why don't you
mind your own business?
Calm down,
the both of you.
I will not allow such
outbursts at this meeting.
But you let them say these
horrible things about Luke?
Because he knows
it's the truth.
Haven't you heard what happened?
Your friend Luke changed
his first love into a demon
in an effort to save
his own wretched life.
[gasps]
Well, well. He never told
you about that, did he?
[CECILY grunts] I know Luke!
He would never do such a thing!
So you know his
left eye is fake,
but you haven't
ever wondered why?
[LANCELOT] You see Miss Cambell,
he used young Lisa Oakwood
and his left eye as catalysts
in signing a Demon Contract.
Isn't that right?
Yes, sir.
Luke...
I don't remember much about
what happened that day.
Both my father and
Lisa were killed.
It was the only way
I could survive.
I'm afraid I had no choice.
No.
[ARTHUR] A horrific thing to
do to someone you care about.
What's even more disgusting
is he named the demon Lisa
as a constant reminder
of his brutal act.
Maybe he named it after the girl
so it could keep him
company on lonely nights.
I mean, who knows what
he makes that demon do
behind closed doors.
[laughs]
[CECILY] How dare you accuse
Luke of something so horrific?
I know how much
he cares for Lisa
and I know he'd give
his life to protect her!
Get out of here.
[CECILY gasps]
You have no business
being here, Cecily!
I want you to leave now!
[CECILY]
I-I was just trying to help.
You don't know me
as well as you think!
I suggest you walk away now,
before I have you thrown out!
I'll have to ask you
to leave, Miss Cambell.
Sorry, kiddo.
Oh, my. Don't you think you're
overreacting just a bit,
Mr. Ainsworth?
[CECILY grunts]
You're right, Luke.
I may not know a lot about you,
but I know one thing for sure.
I know deep down in my heart
that you would never turn
your beloved Lisa
Oakwood into a demon.
Well, that didn't take long.
[LISA gasps]
Miss Cecily!
Uh. Why don't you go
ahead and have a seat?
[CECILY]
Lisa. I'm sorry.
I've been a real bad friend.
I'm sure you could tell I was
kinda avoiding you this morning.
No, it's okay, I understand.
I would be kinda freaked out
too if I suddenly found out
my friend was a demon.
I just want you to know,
it makes no difference.
I mean, who cares if
you're really a demon?
You're still Lisa, and I'm
proud to call you my friend.
So, yeah. Sorry.
[LISA gasps]
Thanks!
You want me to hand Luke over?
The Emperor is not
as lenient as you.
He'll force him to forge
the sword by week's end.
[HOUSMAN]
I cannot allow that.
You said yourself it's
imperative for each nation
to cooperate in order to
seal Valbanill forever!
Here's an idea,
why don't we kidnap the
Garrison State's swordsmith?
That's why I never divulged
our blacksmith's name,
I knew you scoundrels
weren't trustworthy.
What? How dare you!
Stop! Enough arguing!
Let's take a short recess,
try and calm down.
[SIEGFRIED] Such a pointless
meeting, don't you think?
Each of them is worried
about their own nation
and not the greater good.
Sometimes I think
it would be best if
we burned everything to the
ground and started over again.
[SIEGFRIED chuckles]
[LISA] They said all
that at the meeting?
Yeah and Luke didn't even
try to stand up for himself.
He's probably afraid
because of me.
Demons are usually
condemned to death,
but for some reason they
made an exception with me.
I'm sure he feels indebted to
them for allowing me to live.
[LUKE]
I always worry.
Because protecting her
is my reason for being.
I would give my life for Lisa.
[CECILY] He said he
would've done anything,
and I believe him.
It doesn't make sense.
Hey, are you okay?
[CECILY]
Oh, sorry.
I was just thinking about how
they said Luke used Lisa's
body to sign a Demon Contract.
I just don't see how
he ever could've
done something like that.
I know, but according to
the people who knew her,
there's no doubt I was
created from Lisa Oakwood.
What do you mean?
[LISA] They've told me
I look just like she did
when she was little.
But it's strange.
None of her memories were
carried over when I was created.
Even our personalities
are different.
That's why Luke regrets
naming me after her.
The two of us have
nothing in common.
Come on, you know
better than that.
But that's what he told me.
[CECILY]
Lisa...
I know he's gotta be suffering.
It has to be painful
when he looks at me
'cause he's constantly reminded
of his beloved Lisa Oakwood.
But I'm nothing like her.
He treats me so well,
even though it hurts.
He always takes good care of me.
But I think it's his way
of punishing himself
for not being able
to protect Lisa.
Punishing himself?
I was unable to protect her.
[CECILY] He wouldn't hurt her,
he wanted to protect her!
Surely she wanted to
do the same for him.
[LISA]
I never meant to make him sad,
I just wanted to be by his side.
Making his dinner,
and doing the laundry,
working around the house.
All I ever wanted was
to make him happy.
That's it.
They were all wrong.
Yes! That has to be it!
[ALL gasp]
[HOUSMAN]
Miss Cambell?
I have something to say.
We have more important things
to do than argue with you!
No. You need to hear this.
I know the truth
about what happened.
[LANCELOT] You mean between
Luke and Lisa Oakwood?
Yes, sir. I know for a
fact that Luke didn't sign
a Demon Contract
three years ago.
[AREVIY]
Oh really?
Then just how do you explain
the existence of the demon?
Lisa signed it herself.
No! That's not true!
That's impossible!
Just listen to
what I have to say.
[grunts]
[CECILY] First of all,
a Demon Contract
can't be forced
onto someone else.
Far as I know, the only person
who can sign the contract
is the one who agrees to
read their death song.
Well, that is the protocol, yes.
But couldn't he have forced
Lisa to read her death song?
It happened all the
time back in the War.
No, sir. He didn't do that.
Bah. I don't buy it.
Luke has told me many times
how he wanted to
protect Lisa Oakwood
and I'm sure she wanted
to protect him as well.
[LUKE] Shuddup!
You don't know anything!
That's why she signed a
Demon Contract that day.
She wanted to protect Luke.
[gasps]
[ARTHUR] That's a great story
but do you have any proof?
[CECILY] My proof is the
fact that the demon Lisa
was even created.
What are you insinuating?
[CECILY] If Luke was
attempting to create a demon
that would protect him
against Valbanill,
then why wouldn't he have
chosen a bigger, stronger one?
It doesn't make sense for him
to create a demon in the form
of a little girl, does it?
[LANCELOT]
How should we know?
Well, I have the answer.
It's because that's what
Lisa Oakwood wanted.
She wanted to protect him
and take care of him
even after her own life ended.
That's why she took that form.
Demon Lisa is just
like a normal girl.
She makes dinner,
does the laundry,
anything she can to help
the person she cares about.
Even her special powers
to magically forge katana.
It's all for her beloved Luke.
When Lisa Oakwood knew her
life was coming to an end,
she turned her
passion to support
and protect Luke
into the demon Lisa.
That's the only
way to explain it.
And that's what really
happened three years ago.
[grunts]
You weren't even there, Cecily!
You have no idea what
she went through!
Yes I do, 'cause I'm
just like her!
Lisa Oakwood wanted to
be a knight one day.
I understand that feeling,
the need to protect this city
and the people she loved.
[CECILY] That's why she wanted
you to forge a katana for her,
Luke, so she'd be
a better knight!
I know how she felt.
She and I have the same
goals and dreams in life.
I know it's the truth because
I would've done the same.
[LUKE] That's bull!
You're nothing like her!
She'd never give up like that!
She was a far better knight
than you'll ever be!
All I remember of that day
is how helpless I felt.
The katana I made
her broke instantly.
I couldn't do
anything to save her.
I just stood there
and watched it happen.
And that's why I'm
always so preoccupied
with protecting the demon Lisa.
I thought maybe that
would make it up to her.
[CECILY] Oh, would you open
your eyes, Luke Ainsworth?
[LUKE gasps]
[CECILY] It's time for you to
stop feeling sorry for yourself
and take a look at what's
right in front of you.
I know failing to protect
Lisa hurt you deeply.
However, I also know
your pain drove you
to become an even
better blacksmith.
You made a promise to yourself.
Someday you would
forge a perfect katana.
And you swore it would
be able to protect this city
and your loved ones
just like Lisa hoped.
You weren't out to
just seal Valbanill.
You wanted to make something
that would keep
any enemy at bay.
Then the citizens of
Housman could rest easy
knowing they were safe
because of your perfect sword.
Don't you see, Luke? This is it!
A katana forged out
of your love for Lisa.
This is the Sacred Sword
we've been waiting for!
[SIEGFRIED laughs]
Ridiculous.
You underestimate the power
of Valbanill, little girl.
[CECILY, LUKE grunt]
[JUSTINA gasps]
Oh really? Let's see you
cut through this katana.
Go ahead, give it a try!
Heh. As you wish.
[SIEGFRIED]
Let me borrow this.
[AREVIY]
Mm.
[LANCELOT]
Hm? Ah!
[SIEGFRIED grunts]
[CECILY]
I'm sorry, Luke.
I hope I didn't upset you
when I was talking about
how I think Lisa felt.
It's just I think I have a good
idea since we're similar.
[LUKE scoffs]
Don't you scoff at me.
I'm trying to be serious here.
I know the past can
sometimes be overwhelming,
but please don't lose
sight of the present,
because that's what's
most important.
[giggles]
Lisa.
[ONE-EYED BIRD DEMON roars]
[TWO-HEADED DEMON growls]
[CITIZENS shouting]
[SIEGFRIED] A Sacred Sword
built out of love?
Preposterous!
The thought disgusts me.
It's repulsive.
I must kill them all!
Luke Ainsworth, Cecily Cambell.
I shall send you both to Hell.